README.md, before:

# Getting Started with Helpi

Packages Included:
* npm
* bootstrap
* react
* openai
* other configurations

Career Helpi Goal:
To showcase various job fields and advise someone on which field or job would best suit them based on their answers to questions.
- the ultimate decision making algorithm should be done through openai (GPT). Not a long list of if-else statements.



## React Project Information:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

Update README.md to have System Role and User Role
added system role and user role to README.md to explain the purpose of this system is a career assessment and the expectations of the user respectively

README.md, after:

# Getting Started with Helpi

Packages Included:
* npm
* bootstrap
* react
* openai
* other configurations

Career Helpi Goal:
To showcase various job fields and advise someone on which field or job would best suit them based on their answers to questions.
- the ultimate decision making algorithm should be done through openai (GPT). Not a long list of if-else statements.

## System Role

This system is a service that provides two career assessments, one basic and one detailed quiz, and utilizes the OpenAI GPT to advise the user on fields and jobs that are best suited to their answers to our carefully crafted questions. 

## User Role

This project is designed for users who desire field and career suggestions that are best suited for them. 

As a user of this system, you can:
- Install and configure the program using npm and React
- The user can enter the API key to access the two assessments
- The user can access the assessment of their choice and answer questions as the progress bar displays updates
- Submit answers once the quiz is complete
- Receive job and field suggestions generated by OpenAI GPT

Low-level knowledge of TypeScript and node.js is required

## React Project Information:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).
